feat(aria): add aria labeling to the trigger (#86)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-dropdown: demo/demo.md

    - `spacebar`
    - `esc`

## Accessibility requirements

> All instances of `auro-dropdown` must have a valid `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute. There are three options available to meet this requirement. Only one of these options should be implemented.

Reviewer: This is incorrect - the label slot is also an option, and doesn't require the dev to set aria-label or aria-labelledby themselves. Aria attributes should only be used when absolutely necessary. Can we re-word this to suggest the label slot as the primary method of labelling the dropdown? 

I'd also recommend updating the examples to use the label slot instead of aria-label.

Author: @geoffrich The way I wrote this is meant to say that one way or another you must get an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute on the trigger. Using the slot is just another means of making that end goal happen.

Regarding if the slot should be our default example or not - I will bring this up during our standup discussion today with @leeejune. I'd like design to weigh in here. I had understood the label slot to be optional but not the default implementation choice.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha - we can go with whatever design says on that front. I still think this is worded confusingly; the user of the component shouldn't care that the label slot sets aria-labelledby behind the scenes.

Author: I agree the wording could improve. I put a tweak in that may be less confusing by saying less. :)

Let me know what you think, @geoffrich.

Reviewer: Better, but I think we can make it even simpler. How about "All instances of `auro-dropdown` must have a valid label." for the first sentence? Then the rest is good

- Add the `aria-label` attribute to the dropdown root (e.g. `<auro-dropdown aria-label="value">`)
- Add the `aria-labelledby` attribute to the dropdown root (e.g. `<auro-dropdown aria-labelledby="idOfElement">`)
- Include content in the `label` slot. When doing so, the `aria-labelledby` attribute will automatically reference the label slot content.

> Failing to include one of the above options will result in voiceover utilities being unable to correctly identify the dropdown to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failing to include one of the above options will prevent assistive technology from correctly identifying the dropdown to the user.

```

Author: I like the rewording here, @geoffrich. I was struggling trying to find the right words. Great suggestion. Thank you.

```

</auro-accordion>

> ## Common use using the label content slot

Author: "Common use with the label content slot" is consistent with the headers on other examples
```suggestion
## Common use with the label content slot
```

```

</auro-accordion>

## Supported standard and accessible interactions

The dropdown can be opened with the following actions:

1. Clicking/tapping on the trigger will open the dropdown UI.
1. Tabbing to the trigger and using the `enter` or `spacebar` keys will open the dropdown UI.

The dropdown can be closed with the following actions:

> 1. Clicking anywhere in the view outside of the dropdown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clicking anywhere in the wndow outside of the dropdown.
```

1. When the `toggle` attribute is added, clicking on the trigger.
1. Programmatically via another control in the UI calling the `hide()` method (see api).

> 1. Selecting an option within the dropdown by either keyboard or click/tap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

</auro-accordion>

## Supported standard and accessible interactions

The dropdown can be opened with the following actions:

1. Clicking/tapping on the trigger will open the dropdown UI.
1. Tabbing to the trigger and using the `enter` or `spacebar` keys will open the dropdown UI.

The dropdown can be closed with the following actions:

> 1. Clicking anywhere in the view outside of the dropdown.

Author: How about `document` or `window` instead of `view` which I don't think is a correct term here?

1. When the `toggle` attribute is added, clicking on the trigger.

> 1. Programmatically via another control in the UI calling the `hide()` method (see api).

Author: Doesn't have to be from a UI control.
```suggestion
1. Programmatically via calling the `hide()` method (see api).
```

> 1. Selecting an option within the dropdown by either keyboard or click/tap.

Author: There is no code in dropdown itself that does this. For instance in the case of `auro-select` making a selection from the menu calls `dropdown.hide()`.

We should remove this line.
